FB - Update DNS IPs (#8251)
ovh/docs: pages/web_cloud/domains/dns_ips_update/guide.en-gb.md

---
title: "Changing the IP addresses of OVHcloud DNS servers"
excerpt: "Discover the list of new IP addresses for OVHcloud DNS servers"
updated: 2025-08-07
---

## Objective

> This guide explains the IP address changes affecting part of our DNS servers hosted in Europe, which will apply from **August 2025**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide explains the IP addresses changes affecting part of our DNS servers hosted in Europe, which will apply from **August 2025**.
```

> **See the list of new DNS server IP addresses.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Discover the list of new IP addresses for OVHcloud DNS servers.**
```

## Requirements

> - You must have access to manage the domain name concerned from your [OVHcloud Control Panel](/links/manager).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Access to your [OVHcloud Control Panel](/links/manager) to manage the domain name concerned.
```

## Instructions

> ### Who is affected?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Who is concerned?
```

This change can impact customers who:

- Have defined a custom DNS server name in the DNS records of type `NS` of their DNS zone, and have associated an IP address of an OVHcloud DNS server with this name via a DNS record of type `A`.
- Have also configured a `GLUE` record for this custom name, in order to associate it with the IP address of an OVHcloud DNS server, in the configuration of the domain name’s DNS servers.

> - And are currently using this custom name as their domain name’s DNS server (defined in their Control Panel or at their registrar).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Are currently using this custom name as their domain name’s DNS server (defined in their Control Panel or at their registrar).
```

> For more information, please read our guide on [Customizing a domain name’s DNS servers (Glue Records)](/pages/web_cloud/domains/glue_registry) .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, please read our guide on [Customizing a domain name’s DNS servers (Glue Records)](/pages/web_cloud/domains/glue_registry).
```

> [!warning]
>
> If you have not made any manual changes to the DNS configuration (default setting), you will not be affected by this change.

### Calendar

| Step                                | Estimated date           |
|------------------------------|------------------------------|
| Delete IPv6 traffic on old IPs         | Completed on 05 August 2025 |
| Commissioning of new IPs   | Starting August 5, 2025 |
| Send the first informational email to the identified customers | Mid-August 2025 |
| Send second reminder email         | September 15, 2025 |
| Deletion of IPv4 traffic          | Early October 2025 |

> [!warning]
>

> > Prolonged use of old IP addresses after this date will cause DNS resolution to fail for misconfigured domain names.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Using old IP addresses after this date will cause DNS resolution failure for domain names whose configuration has not been updated.
```

> ### What do I do if I am affected?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### What can I do if I am concerned?
```

1. Determine if you are still using an old IP address in your DNS zone.

> 2. Replace it with the new IP (see table below).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Replace it with the new IP address (see the table below).
```

> 3. [Update your GLUE records](/pages/web_cloud/domains/glue_registry) if you have configured one in your client interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. [Update your GLUE records](/pages/web_cloud/domains/glue_registry) if you have configured one in your control panel.
```

> ### IP mapping table

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### IP address mapping table
```

> | Host name     | Old IPv4   | New IPv4   | Old IPv6       | New IPv6         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Hostname     | Old IPv4   | New IPv4   | Old IPv6       | New IPv6         |
```

| ns108.ovh.net  | 213.251.128.152 | 5.135.66.229    | 2001:41d0:1:1998::1 | 2001:41d0:b00:fc00::2 |
| dns109.ovh.net | 213.251.188.153 | 5.196.41.217    | 2001:41d0:1:4a99::1 | 2001:41d0:d01:300::2  |
| ns109.ovh.net  | 213.251.128.153 | 5.135.67.9      | 2001:41d0:1:1999::1 | 2001:41d0:b00:fd00::2 |
| dns110.ovh.net | 213.251.188.154 | 5.196.44.1      | 2001:41d0:1:4a9a::1 | 2001:41d0:d01:400::2  |
| ns110.ovh.net  | 213.251.128.154 | 5.135.78.233    | 2001:41d0:1:199a::1 | 2001:41d0:b00:fe00::2 |
| dns111.ovh.net | 213.251.188.155 | 5.196.45.181    | 2001:41d0:1:4a9b::1 | 2001:41d0:d01:500::2  |
| ns111.ovh.net  | 213.251.128.155 | 5.135.79.5      | 2001:41d0:1:199b::1 | 2001:41d0:b00:ff00::2 |
| dns112.ovh.net | 51.68.107.108   | 5.196.45.209    | 2001:41d0:1:4a9d::1 | 2001:41d0:d01:600::2  |
| ns112.ovh.net  | 51.68.107.109   | 5.135.80.109    | 2001:41d0:209::3    | 2001:41d0:b01::2      |
| dns113.ovh.net | 87.98.168.13    | 5.196.46.145    | 2001:41d0:1:4a9e::1 | 2001:41d0:d01:700::2  |
| ns113.ovh.net  | 87.98.168.141   | 5.135.82.125    | 2001:41d0:209::4    | 2001:41d0:b01:100::2  |

## Go further

> For specialized services (SEO, development, etc.), contact the [OVHcloud partners](/links/partner)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For specialized services (SEO, development, etc.), contact the [OVHcloud partners](/links/partner).
```
